Brother Ye, why are you here?
I will never come again
You're going to hire my highly paid CEO
Isn't it amnesia to go out and stay up late?
How do you remember the CEO?
President, are you mistaken?
It's not Miss Ann we're driving away
It's this bitch pretending to be Miss An
Nianyi Song graduated from Harvard Business School
Worked at Wall Street Investment for a year
It was Nangong Group who spent the annual salary. Please
CEO
During this time of my cultivation
He is fully responsible for all affairs of Nangong Group
The only CEO is Song Mingyi
In Nangong Group, it has always only been about ability
Don't talk about group loan relationships
When have I been to Jianghu?
Okay, your Song Ning is really a thief. Action
He still wants to seduce his father and the dog
It turned out that Lord Li did it for me
Brother Ye, he bullied me like that just now
Is this the end of the matter?
The surveillance is always recording
My mom doesn't like snarky daughters-in-law